README.md, before:

# multi-vterm.el

Managing multiple [vterm](https://github.com/akermu/emacs-libvterm) buffers in Emacs
This package is inspired by [multi-term.el](https://github.com/milkypostman/multi-term)

# Installation

`multi-vterm` is available on MELPA, and it can be installed as normal package

```
(use-package multi-vterm :ensure t)
```

# Usage

| Command                         | Description                                     |
|---------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| multi-vterm                  | Create new terminal                             |
| multi-vterm-next             | Switch to next terminal                         |
| multi-vterm-prev             | Switch to previous terminal                     |
| multi-vterm-dedicated-toggle | Toggle dedicated terminal                       |
| multi-vterm-project          | Create/toggle terminal based on current project |

# For Evil users

I'm using Evil. This is my personal config to use `multi-vterm` with `evil`


```elisp
(use-package multi-vterm
	:config
	(add-hook 'vterm-mode-hook
			(lambda ()
			(setq-local evil-insert-state-cursor 'box)
			(evil-insert-state)))
	(define-key vterm-mode-map [return]                      #'vterm-send-return)

	(setq vterm-keymap-exceptions nil)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-e")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-f")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-a")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-v")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-b")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-w")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-u")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-d")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-n")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-m")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-p")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-j")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-k")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-r")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-t")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-g")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-c")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-SPC")    #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-d")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd ",c")       #'multi-vterm)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd ",n")       #'multi-vterm-next)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd ",p")       #'multi-vterm-prev)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd "i")        #'evil-insert-resume)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd "o")        #'evil-insert-resume)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd "<return>") #'evil-insert-resume))
```

Commit message:

add dedicated termial height in percent

README.md, after:

# multi-vterm.el

Managing multiple [vterm](https://github.com/akermu/emacs-libvterm) buffers in Emacs
This package is inspired by [multi-term.el](https://github.com/milkypostman/multi-term)

# Installation

`multi-vterm` is available on MELPA, and it can be installed as normal package

```
(use-package multi-vterm :ensure t)
```

# Configuration

## Dedicated terminal height
Configure the height in rows:
```elisp
;; dedicated terminal height of 50 rows
(setq multi-vterm-dedicated-window-height 50)
```
Configure the height in percent:
```elisp
;; dedicated terminal height of 30%
(setq multi-vterm-dedicated-window-height-percent 30)
```
If `multi-vterm-dedicated-window-height-percent` is set `multi-vterm-dedicated-window-height` is ignored.
**Note**: The lower limit is 10% and the upper limit is 90%.

# Usage

| Command                         | Description                                     |
|---------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| multi-vterm                  | Create new terminal                             |
| multi-vterm-next             | Switch to next terminal                         |
| multi-vterm-prev             | Switch to previous terminal                     |
| multi-vterm-dedicated-toggle | Toggle dedicated terminal                       |
| multi-vterm-project          | Create/toggle terminal based on current project |

# For Evil users

I'm using Evil. This is my personal config to use `multi-vterm` with `evil`


```elisp
(use-package multi-vterm
	:config
	(add-hook 'vterm-mode-hook
			(lambda ()
			(setq-local evil-insert-state-cursor 'box)
			(evil-insert-state)))
	(define-key vterm-mode-map [return]                      #'vterm-send-return)

	(setq vterm-keymap-exceptions nil)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-e")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-f")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-a")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-v")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-b")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-w")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-u")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-d")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-n")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-m")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-p")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-j")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-k")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-r")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-t")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-g")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-c")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'insert vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-SPC")    #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd "C-d")      #'vterm--self-insert)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd ",c")       #'multi-vterm)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd ",n")       #'multi-vterm-next)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd ",p")       #'multi-vterm-prev)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd "i")        #'evil-insert-resume)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd "o")        #'evil-insert-resume)
	(evil-define-key 'normal vterm-mode-map (kbd "<return>") #'evil-insert-resume))
```
